PBM-1790 Document PBM user database roles (#387)
percona/pbm-docs: docs/reference/pbm-user-roles.md

# PBM user database roles

Percona Backup for MongoDB requires a dedicated database user holding a specific set of MongoDB roles. The table below gives a quick overview; the sections that follow explain why each role is needed and what it does — and does not — grant.

| Role            | Scope            | Access type  | Purpose                                       |
|-----------------|------------------|--------------|-----------------------------------------------|
| `readWrite`     | `admin` db only  | Read + write | PBM metadata / agent coordination collections |
| `backup`        | All databases    | Read-only    | Full data + oplog snapshot for backup         |
| `clusterMonitor`| Cluster metadata | Read-only    | Topology awareness, safe scheduling           |
| `restore`       | All databases    | Write        | Replay data during restore operations         |

> | `pbmAnyAction`  | All resources    | Any action   | Privileged commands not covered by built-in roles (`fsync`, `setParameter`, etc.) |

Reviewer: PBM doesn't use fsync command. It needs this role for few mongodb internal commands: applyOps, _shardsvrDropDatabase, _shardsvrDropCollection, backupCursor, _configsvrBalancerStart / Stop / Status.

Author: Thanks Boris! Indeed - that was a mistake from `file.Sync()`. I checked that `setParameter` is also not used.  I guess by stop you meant - `shutdown` command.

> | `pbmAnyAction`  | All resources    | Any action   | Privileged commands not covered by built-in roles (`fsync`, `setParameter`, etc.) |

Author: ```suggestion
| `pbmAnyAction`  | All resources    | Any action   | Privileged commands not covered by built-in roles (`applyOps`, `_configsvrBalancerStop`, `_configsvrBalancerStatus`, `shutdown`) |
```
